# TODO Group Steering Committee
## Resolution 2020-01
## Status: Accepted on 2020-02-11

## Subject: Formation of Charter Maintenance Working Group

At the meeting of the Steering Committee of the TODO Group on 2020-02-11, the following resolution
was reviewed and adopted by the committee:

The TODO Group shall have a Charter Maintenance Working Group, composed of representatives of TODO
Group members. This group will:

* Accept proposals for changes to the TODO Group charter, review them, and recommend action by the Steering
Committee on them.

* Coordinate with the Linux Foundation Legal team (and other LF teams as necessary) to ensure that the then-current
charter is included in Membership Agreements signed by new members of the TODO Group.

* Ensure that the members of the TODO Group are notified when new versions of the charter are published.

* Hold meetings on a scheduled basis to ensure progress is made on proposals.

* Choose, from among its participants, a person to chair the group, who will be responsible for organizing
meetings, communicating recommendations to the Steering Committee, and any other tasks the group deems
suitable.

* Maintain its own charter, working procedures, and other documents needed to ensure that TODO Group members
and the public understand its responsibilities and obligations.

Resolved:

WHEREAS, the charter of the TODO Group, dated 2019-10-10, empowers the Steering Committee to form working groups;

That the committee approves the proposed action.

## Vote Results

* Chris Aniszczyk - absent
* Zaheda Bhorat - absent
* VM Brasseur - approve
* Remy Decausemaker - approve
* Kevin P. Fleming - approve
* Jeff McAffer - approve
* Duane O'Brien - approve

## Rationale

The committee agrees that having the charter maintained by its members would be a benefit to the group.
